Make "X | Y" union syntax more prominent in documentation (#17835)
python/mypy: docs/source/kinds_of_types.rst

types. You can use :ref:`overloading <function-overloading>` to
represent this, but union types are often more convenient.

> Use the ``T1 | ... | Tn`` type constructor to construct a union

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the ``T1 | ... | Tn`` operator to construct a union
```
Feels odd to call this a "type constructor"

Author: Using "operator" here also didn't feel quite right, so I just left out the "type constructor" bit.

    since the caller may have to use :py:func:`isinstance` before doing anything
    interesting with the value.

Python 3.9 and older only partially support this syntax. Instead, you can
use the legacy ``Union[T1, ..., Tn]`` type constructor. Example:

.. code-block:: python

   from typing import Union

   def f(x: Union[int, str]) -> None:
       ...

It is also possible to use the new syntax with versions of Python where it
isn't supported by the runtime with some limitations, if you use
``from __future__ import annotations`` (see :ref:`runtime_troubles`):

.. code-block:: python

   from __future__ import annotations

   def f(x: int | str) -> None:   # OK on Python 3.7 and later
       ...

.. _strict_optional:

Optional types and the None type
********************************

> You can use ``t | None`` to define a type variant that allows ``None`` values,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use ``T | None`` to define a type variant that allows ``None`` values,
```
More conventional to use uppercase for placeholders

.. note::

>     The type ``... | None`` *does not* mean a function parameter with a default value.

Reviewer: Since this confusion is related to the name Optional, it might be better to keep using `Optional[T]` here.

Author: Updated.
